We've now heard about CloudWatch a few times and
how it integrates with OpsCenter.
But how does it actually create new OpsItems?
CloudWatch events actually create these new OpsItems based on something
that happened on the AWS account or in our application.
Whenever a service does something, for example,
an EC2 instance changes its state from running to stopped,
an RDS database fails to start, a Lambda function fails to execute,
or maybe an auto‑scaling group tried to create a new EC2 instance,
and that failed, all of these events, and many,
many more,
are sent to CloudWatch events and can be used to create CloudWatch event rules.
The default rules we created in the first demo mainly focused on the EC2,
RDS, and System Manager services. Automation, obviously,
it's always great, but we humans are always good at spotting issues.
Don't forget about that. And for those instances, it is also possible to manually create OpsItems.